# Likhith-s-voice-chatbot-health-assistant
  Better organization of patient pathways, medication management, help in  emergency situations or with first aid, offering a solution for simpler medical  issues:
Obviously, there are countless cases where a digital personal assistant or a 
chatbot could help physicians, nurses, patients or their families. These are all possible situations for chatbots to step in and ease the burden on medical professionals.Health chatbots are also being used to address specific issues in healthcare.Northwell recently launched one https://www.northwell.edu/news/the-latest/northwell-launches-chatbot- to-boost-use-of-colonoscopy,a procedure elemental in colorectal cancer diagnosis. 
This issue is particularly concerning as 40 percent of less privileged patients don’t follow through with the procedure. The A.I.-based solution is being offered at Long Island Jewish (LIJ) Medical Center and Southside Hospital. Northwell says that The personalized chatbot will “encourage patients by addressing misunderstandings and concerns about the exam, delivering information in a responsive, conversational way over email or text”. Researchers will also be able to monitor patient satisfaction, cancellations, no-shows, and successfully completed exams by using the app. 
 
In some cases, health chatbots are also able to connect patients with clinicians for diagnosis or treatment, but that is already one step further down the line. The general idea is that in the future, these talking or texting smart algorithms might become the first contact point for primary care. Patients will not get in touch with physicians or nurses or any medical professional with every one of their health questions but will turn to chatbots first.
